[running footsteps]
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
- [panting]
- [growling]
[grunting continues]
[Kirito] Life has a way
of rewarding good deeds.
Often when you help others,
you're helping yourself.
- [gasps]
- [groaning]
- [gags]
- [moans]
[traditional music]
[gasps]
- Run.
- It's you.
- Run for it before you
get in my way even more.
[demon jabbering]
- [panting]
- [jabbering]
[shrieks]
[groans]
- [grunting]
- [Kotetsu gasps]
["Kizuna no Kiseki" playing]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singers vocalizing]
- [grunting]
[dramatic music]
- Despite slicing off
what I thought was its head,
it's still able to regenerate.
So that must be it.
[squelching]
[shrieks]
[wails]
[grunting ends]
- It was getting
its power from that vase.
I'm guessing
a Blood Demon Art created it.
Eh?
- [gasps]
Thank you so much!
[sobbing]
I thought I was a goner!
I thought I was dead!
I was so scared!
[crying]
I never should have
called you a seaweed head!
I'm so sorry! [crying]
- Wait a second.
You called me a seaweed head?
- [yelps]
[crying]
Sorry! I only said it
'cause I didn’t like you!
- I don't have time
for something like this.
I'll be leaving now,
so you can do whatever you want.
- [gasps]
Wait! They attacked
Mr. Kanamori too.
When I went to help him,
that monster assaulted me.
Mr. Haganezuka's
been working nonstop,
without sleep,
to restore a sword.
And if he stops
for even a second,
it'll be for nothing!
Please.
Please save him!
I'm begging you!
- No. I can't.
[ethereal music]
- I have faith you'll
find yourself again, Muichiro.
Don't give up.
- [gasps]
- I know
you're probably confused,
but for now, I want you to focus
on living and nothing more.
As long as you're alive,
things will work out.
I have no doubt you'll
regain your lost memories,
so try not to worry.
Just don't let
your chance slip away from you.
It could be something
that seems insignificant...
but if you seize
the opportunity when it comes,
the mist shrouding your mind
will be cleared.
- [sighs]
[stirring music]
[Kotetsu] Whoa!
Hold up!
I know we're in a rush,
but can't you go
a little slower?!
- Don't talk, or you
might bite your tongue.
- [shrieks]
- Is this really
the right thing to do?
What if this only ends up
getting in the way
of protecting the village?
No, I can do this.
Because I'm a Demon Slayer
recognized by the Master,
the Mist Hashira,
Muichiro Tokito.
♪♪ ♪♪
- [groans]
- [demon inhaling]
- [gasps]
- [gags]
- Oh, no!
I slashed it.
I had no choice,
but now I've created
more of them!
[ominous music]
[tense music]
The same name?
[both shrieking]
- [groaning]
So that's how it works.
I get it!
Their attack power's
gotten weaker!
They can split,
but they don't
get stronger infinitely.
The characters I saw
inside their mouths
were joy, sorrow,
anger, and pleasure.
Those four must be
the most powerful versions.
But if they divide
any further,
they weaken!
- [gags]
- [growls]
[gags]
- Behind me.
- [inhaling]
[energy surging]
[shrieks]
- I have to defeat it.
Just this one!
Then get back
to Nezuko and Genya!
[gasps]
Where'd it go
The one I stabbed is gone!
I see.
It can't split off
any further.
- [chuckles]
- [squawks]
- [screams]
- How do you like my talons?
Aren't they swift?
Aren't they sharp?
On top of that, they're strong
enough to smash diamonds!
- [groans]
- Go on, tremble!
Tremble, and rejoice
as your blood gushes
out of every orifice!
[roars]
[chuckles]
- I got ya.
- Huh?
[gags]
[groans]
[dramatic music]
[inhales]
[gags]
- [yells]
- [snarls]
Now you've gone and done it.
- [grunts]
- [laughs]
- I have to get back
and help Nezuko and Genya!
But how?
Nezuko, hang in there!
[tense music]
[Nezuko growling]
- [coughs]
[gagging]
[Nezuko growling]
- [laughs]
Come on, you're doing great!
Just one more push!
[laughs]
What's wrong?
That all you got?
- Quit goofing off,
and dismember her, Karaku!
I'm getting more annoyed
by the second here!
- Keep your hands to yourself!
This little girl
is mine for the killing!
You and Aizetsu
can find your own prey!
- Hey, Karaku,
seems you're struggling.
Let me be the one
to finish her off.
My spear is stuck?
- [growls]
[chuckles]
It seems like you've forgotten
your opponent is over here!
- [gasps]
- Why do you keep letting
your guard down, Aizetsu?
It's infuriating.
You fool.
- [groans]
Damn it! He's pulling it out!
[gags]
[coughs]
[Aizetsu groans]
A slow and painful death
is a sad thing to witness,
isn't it?
- [gagging]
[coughs]
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[wind blowing]
[sword slices]
[squelching]
- [gags]
- I went for his vital spot so
he could have a quick death,
but I guess he couldn't die
with my spear
still lodged in his body.
At the very least,
his suffering is over now.
- Shae...
- [gasps]
koku Gi...
jugikkodokuon...
- What's this?
The Amida Sutra?
How pious of you to chose that
as your last words.
- The man's still alive,
Aizetsu!
Hurry up,
and split his head in two!
- I was just about to do that,
so stop yelling at me.
You're making me sad.
[gasps]
- I'll cut your damn heads off
as many times as it takes!
Die, you scumbags!
[groaning]
Crap, no matter what I do,
I can't dodge this lightning.
Damn that bastard
with the staff!
[roars]
- [growls]
What's going on here?
Why won't he die?
Aizetsu dealt him a fatal blow,
didn't he?
- [groans]
- Hang on a second.
You look like you're having
a lot more fun with him!
[laughs]
You're done entertaining me,
little girl!
- [gags]
- Sekido! After I've ripped
this girl's limbs off of her,
impale her with your staff
and keep blasting her
with lightning
so she can't move!
[jingles]
- That was my plan
from the start, you imbecile!
- [laughs]
- [bone cracks]
- [growls]
- [yells]
- [gags]
[triumphant music]
What kind of ferocious kick
was that?
- [grunts]
- [wincing]
- [growls]
- [gasps]
- [yelps]
- What are you doing, you idiot?
Finish her!
- [growls]
- [yells]
- [screams]
[screams]
- [grunts]
- [gags]
[singer vocalizing]
[muffled groaning]
[demon swooshes]
- [gasps]
- [swoosh]
- [growls]
- [winces]
He's fast. Faster than before!
I have to hurry up
and get back.
The building Nezuko
and Genya are in is close.
How do I get there? Think!
- [gasps]
- That's it.
If I can't bring
the demon down here...
But wait, I might just end up
making matters worse.
What do I do? What do I do?
I have to do it!
I don't have any other options!
- [roars]
- Nezuko! Genya!
Don't die. I'll be there soon!
[wind blowing]
- Did you finally decide to die?
- [grunting]
- [gasps]
- Kaizedaiarakan...
shushochishiki choroshari...
- Why won't you
give up, already?
What is this?
Who the hell are you, anyway?
What are you?!
- [laughing]
You really want to know?
- [gasps]
- My name is Genya Shinazugawa.
And don't you ever forget it!
[singers vocalizing]
Because that's the name
of the man...
who is going to kill you!
- The building they're in
should be just over there.
If I pull this off,
I'll be there in a flash!
Don't misjudge the direction.
Use the demon's momentum
and ability to fly...
to get there quickly...
and save Nezuko and Genya!
[tense music]
Eh?
[laughs]
Making a run for it?
You're all out of energy now?
Huh?
[gags]
- [groans]
- [gagging]
- I knew it! He's light!
Otherwise he
wouldn't be able to fly,
not with wings this size!
I can make it!
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
- [gags]
- [yells]
- [shrieks]
- [gasps]
- Nezuko! Genya!
- First Karaku. Now even Urogi.
What the hell is going on?!
[muffled groaning]
- Nezuko!
Stop it!
[squelch]
- Infuriating.
Infuriating!
[roars]
Urogi's foot!
Flesh made
of the same cells as my own,
impervious to lightning!
This little brat
has good intuition.
Just now, after he burst
into the room with Urogi,
he was able to cut off his foot
in the blink of an eye!
He can think on his feet
in battle!
- I can't cut off
its head with my sword.
Its tongue! Go for its tongue!
If their tongues are slashed,
for some reason,
these demons
take longer to recover!
Yes! I can pull it out!
- [growls]
I'll make you pay for that!
- [jingles]
- This is bad!
He already recovered?
[groans]
It stopped.
- [grunting]
- Nezuko!
- [groans]
What an insolent spell!
- Amazing.
Nezuko's blood is working!
[both growl]
- Nezuko!
[gasps]
- You look like
you're having fun.
You guys wouldn't mind
if I joined the fun, would you?!
[both groaning]
- What unbelievable pressure!
It's crushing our bodies.
[wood crashes]
[ominous music]
♪♪ ♪♪
- [laughs]
And now for the final blow!
[bell clanging]
- Enemy attack!
Demons!
- [snarling]
- [screaming]
- [wails]
[growls]
- [whimpering]
- Get up!
- [snarling]
- Enemy attack!
Protect the village!
- Hurry! Hurry!
Village in danger!
We must rush to its aid
as soon as possible!
[thrilling music]
- Gotta hurry! Gotta hurry!
The villagers are in danger!
It's a good thing
I was stationed
near the Swordsmith Village,
or I never would have made it!
It must have been fate!
What luck!
- Make haste!
The village
is close to destruction!
[singers vocalizing]
- All right, I'm going
to give it my all!
["Koi Kogare" playing]
♪♪ ♪♪
[page rustles]
- Been a while.
Combined Junior
and Senior High School!!
Tales of a Demon Slayer Academy!
I'm Mitsuri Kanroji, age 19.
My dream is
to bring joy to people
all over the world
with my paintings!
Hey, listen to me,
will you?
I wonder when will I
meet the gentleman
who's going to be the one
to make me happy someday?
[cat] No one's ever gonna fall
in love with someone like you.
- What?!
- Your hair's pink,
you're a voracious eater,
and you're crazy strong.
- Bummer!
- That's why you paint!
That's the life
you're meant to live!
- You're right!
Painting is all I have!
The only thing I've got
that can bring joy
to everyone is my art!
[yells]
Next time, Episode 5,
"Bright Red Sword."
But I do wish I had a boyfriend,
after all.